You deceived me to death first. Your Majesty and Young Masters. If you want to talk nonsense again, you want me to say nothing to you.
If you want to go, don’t say it. I won’t go. I won’t go.
You must have secretly gone behind my back to elope with that ugly boy. What happened? That ugly boy
After death, you still have such a worry g. I have praised you, big and small, for so many years.
I’ve already ordered a secret charge and there’s no reply. g Shuran, can I tell you?
What do you want? Find a rich man to marry.
Otherwise, just go and pay the money.
Otherwise, you two
Don't even think about eating and drinking for free at our house.
You say we eat and drink for free
It doesn’t matter if I work hard
You go and help me give it to someone else as a lover
You are still my mother
How dare you tell me that I want you to marry me?
Sister, please listen to me
He can give 10 million to three families
Our Su family can move him to be together, Ape.
I give you a myth